Add docs for preventing volume mode conversion (#32673)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

its containers. That tutorial covers the supported mechanism for configuring seccomp in Kubernetes,
based on setting `securityContext` within the Pod's `.spec`.

### snapshot.storage.kubernetes.io/allowVolumeModeChange

> Example: `snapshot.storage.kubernetes.io/allowVolumeModeChange: true`

Reviewer: I'd have this as:
```suggestion
Example: `snapshot.storage.kubernetes.io/allowVolumeModeChange: "true"`
```

Reviewer 2: @RaunakShah : PTAL since this hasn't been addressed and we believe it improves readability of the doc.

Author: Done

Used on: VolumeSnapshotContent

Value can either be `true` or `false`.

> This determines whether a user can modify the mode of the source volume when a `PVC` is being created from a `VolumeSnapshot`.

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
This determines whether a user can modify the mode of the source volume when a 
{{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolumeClaim" term_id="persistent-volume-claim" >}} is being
created from a VolumeSnapshot.
```

Reviewer 2: @RaunakShah : Please can you have a look at this suggestion? It doesn't seem to have been addressed and we think it would add value.

Author: Done

> See [Converting the volume mode of a Snapshot](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots.md) for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [Converting the volume mode of a Snapshot](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/) for more information.
```

Reviewer 3: The link target doesn't have the `.md` suffix.

Author: fixed!

its containers. That tutorial covers the supported mechanism for configuring seccomp in Kubernetes,
based on setting `securityContext` within the Pod's `.spec`.

### snapshot.storage.kubernetes.io/allowVolumeModeChange

Example: `snapshot.storage.kubernetes.io/allowVolumeModeChange: true`

Used on: VolumeSnapshotContent

Value can either be `true` or `false`.
This determines whether a user can modify the mode of the source volume when a `PVC` is being created from a `VolumeSnapshot`.

> See [Converting the volume mode of a Snapshot](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/#convert-volume-mode) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the documentation on [Converting the volume mode of a Snapshot](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/#convert-volume-mode) and the [Kubernetes CSI Developer Documentation](https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/) for more information.
```
```suggestion
See [Converting the volume mode of a Snapshot](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/#convert-volume-mode) for more information.
```

> See [Converting the volume mode of a Snapshot](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/#convert-volume-mode) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to [Converting the volume mode of a Snapshot](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/#convert-volume-mode) and the [Kubernetes CSI Developer Documentation](https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/) for more information.
```

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer 4: @sftim Does it make sense to only keep this brief section for labels-annotations-taints and refer to https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/ for details?

Reviewer 2: @xing-yang : From a personal standpoint, I'd err on the side of too much information rather than too less. 
In the spirit of what I just said, what we could potentially rewrite it as is suggested above.

Reviewer: Which specific page on https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/ would we link to?
